## v0.6

Released on 2024-

### Additions
* added falco_ipdstport_outbound_rules_[list|file] and falco_ipsrcport_inbound_rules_[list|file] to config.py
* added ipdstport_list and ipsrcport_list variables to falco-misp-connector.py for processing *ip-dst|port* and *ip-src|port*
* updated  "ip-dst|port","ip-src|port" to type in misp_functions.py
* added samples rules to /rules/ for "ip-dst|port" and "ip-src|port"
* write test file outputs
* updated test.bash with tests for "ip-dst|port" and "ip-src|port"
* updated README


## v0.5

Released on 2024-08-04

There are some big changes in this release!  This release includes support for *ip-src* indicators!  To do this, I have renamed a bunch of the internal variable names and also the output file and list names being generated by the connector.  Whilst these are potentially breaking changes, it makes it easier to add support for additional MISP features that I want to add over the next few months.  The file and list names should be static now and I shouldn't need to change them again.

The new inbound (*ip-src*) rules require the *inbound* macro which are in the [sandbox rules](https://github.com/falcosecurity/rules/blob/main/rules/falco-sandbox_rules.yaml) so you will need to install those rules or copy the inbound macro and associated lists over.

### Changes
* renamed internal list names - ip4_list, ip6_list and cidr_list to ip4_outbound_list, ip6_outbound_list and cidr_outbound_list
* changed existing sample-falco-[ipv4|ipv6|cidr]-rule.yaml file names to sample-falco-[ipv4|ipv6|cidr]-outbound-rule.yaml
* changed variable names in the config file to relect outbound.
* updated parse_config to check for new names
* moved the sample rules into a rules directory
* changed the list names to reflect inbound and outbound direction

### Additions
* Added rules files sample-falco-ipv4-inbound-rule.yaml. sample-falco-ipv6-inbound-rule.yaml, sample-falco-cidr-inbound-rule.yaml
* Added inbound rules in config.py for IPv4, Ipv6 and CIDR 
* Added configuration parsing for inbound rules
* Added *ip-src* to the list of *types* in the MISP API request in misp-functions.py

### Breaking Changes :warning:
* the default list names have changed (added inbound/outbound identifer)
* the default sample rule file names have changed and moved into the rules directory
* the connector now uses the *inbound* macro from the [sandox rules](https://github.com/falcosecurity/rules/blob/main/rules/falco-sandbox_rules.yaml)


## v0.4

Released on 2024-07-29

### Additions
* Added exception list to sample-falco-ipv4-rule.yaml, sample-falco-ipv6-rule.yaml and sample-falco-cidr-rule.yaml

### Changes
* Changed ExpandedPyMISP to PyMISP because ExpandedPyMISP is deprecated
* Changed the sample rule conditions to use the outbound macro so it catches UDP
* Updated tests to cater for outbound macro

### Upgrades
* Upgraded pymisp==2.4.195

## v0.3

Released on 2024-07-22

### Additions
* Added support for CIDR blocks in MISP Feeds
* the sample-file-[ipv4|cidr]-rule file will now be appended to the output rule file so that it is easier to pass Falco validation
* updated tests so that it will perform Falco rule validation as well
* output the IPv6 indicators to file!  finally!

### Tidy up
* removed some old code which was redundant

### Upgrades
* Upgraded pymisp==2.4.194

### Breaking Changes :warning:
* the sample-file-[ipv4|cidr]-rule file will now be appended to the output rule file so that it is easier to pass Falco validation.  this might appear as a duplicate if you have it elsewhere already.

## v0.2

Released on 2024-06-28

### Additions
* Added basic DecayedScore support
* Added end-to-end testing for IPv4/IPv6 and Domains against curl (debugtest = True in config.py)

### Upgrades
* Upgraded pymisp==2.4.193 and requests==2.32.3 and urllib3==2.2.2

### Breaking Changes :warning:
* Removed the ability to read the existing misp files and process them.  It will just overwrite them now
* Removed the delete capability which was tied to the above read of the existing file - it was taking too long and producing inconsistent results
* Remove misp_remove_deleted configuration option because no longer needed
* Removed "filename", "sha256", "size-in-bytes", "domain", "hostname", "url" until they are supported
